# Unity_Card_Game_Deck_Editor
This is a project I made in January 2016. It was the first program I'd written utilizing databases, where this project uses SQLite. I also made it to refresh myself with Unity, as I initially used it when I wasn't necessarily confident in my programing skills. With this project, you can add, remove cards to the deck, and search for cards by name, ability and type. The features that currently aren't implemented are saving decks and loading decks, but they will be available in the future. I also plan on rewriting some of the code, as I'm currently not happy with some of my implementation. I plan to use this for a game I wish to create in the future.

The database schema and sample.png should be enough to understand what information the cards hold. The idea is that there are three types of cards, infantry, support, and leader. There must be a leader for every deck, and there only one can be used. Depending on the type, the card can have different attributes, mainly a name, ability, and other stats. This information will affect the game, but not the editor. Later, when I start implementing the game, I will include documentation and rules so anyone who views this can get a better idea of the game in question.

All of the information that this program uses is from the database, where image paths are stored to represent the images for the cards. Also, everything is named and located specifically for the game I'm creating, though it could easily be changed to represent any card game or similar format.